Add ESM to huggingface (#13662)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/model_doc/esm.rst

anticipated growth of sequencing promises unprecedented data on natural sequence diversity. Protein language modeling
at the scale of evolution is a logical step toward predictive and generative artificial intelligence for biology. To
this end, we use unsupervised learning to train a deep contextual language model on 86 billion amino acids across 250
million protein sequences spanning evolutionary diversity. The resulting model contains information about biological
properties in its representations. The representations are learned from sequence data alone. The learned representation
space has a multiscale organization reflecting structure from the level of biochemical properties of amino acids to
remote homology of proteins. Information about secondary and tertiary structure is encoded in the representations and
can be identified by linear projections. Representation learning produces features that generalize across a range of
applications, enabling state-of-the-art supervised prediction of mutational effect and secondary structure and
improving state-of-the-art features for long-range contact prediction.*

Tips:

> - ESM was trained with the masked language modeling (MLM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ESM was trained with a masked language modeling (MLM) objective.
```

This model was contributed by `jasonliu <https://huggingface.co/jasonliu>`__. The original code can be found `here
<https://github.com/facebookresearch/esm>`__.

ESMConfig
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.ESMConfig
    :members:

ESMTokenizer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.ESMTokenizer
    :members: build_inputs_with_special_tokens, get_special_tokens_mask,
        create_token_type_ids_from_sequences, save_vocabulary

.. ESMTokenizerFast ..
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. .. autoclass:: transformers.ESMTokenizerFast

> ..     :members:

Reviewer: Why is this one commented out?
